I'll let that liquor drown my days
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest paid
I'm on my way to others feel
upon first grade is where I'll be to
rest until the end of times
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
satanic initiation and we are going to go to the dark tonight
we are going to the darkest place that we've been so far many of you may be disturbed
by the Bible [Music] but we are going to cover it we're going
to bring this Bible to you we're kicked down The Doors we took control of our text and we're
going to throw it out there we're going to see the daughters of lot
tonight on lady Babylon
[Music]
I appreciate everyone coming out I'm not going to waste a minute of your time because we gotta we got a place to go
that's deep for those of you who may have some reservations about certain
topics that are sensitive I just want to warn you the Bible is extremely explicit
I'll be translating it to you tonight in the most explicit detail possible
brought to you by the language itself we love this don't we yes but in order to
set the mood I wanted you to go and see
some women let's call these women Furies and in the midst of these furies
is the chorus greed stains your soul with the stench
of ruin today's rights are about purification let us start off
with the purification brought for the crime of greed
[Music]
to the South and it all looks the same
I just died a million signs telling me a
million things that I don't want it's only what you invest in the Kingdom that
is going to benefit you for eternity hey thank you thank you thank you for getting that money out of my pocket how
long and what I need no no shall hear at all
I've been lost so long a stranger in
this country and a man man shouldn't feel this way the place where he was
born I've been lost so long
it's like nobody wants me he's either needs mine silently says stranger move
on [Music]
fantastic that has the images that you've now downloaded we're sitting on
that throne and we are ready to go where am I going to take you tonight I'm going to take you to a place called Sodom
I know people have been asking me when are we going to song today's that day but I say so with a
heavy heart I say so with a heavy heart because we're going to have to look at things
that are disturbing and confused at the same time disturbing and confused you
haven't perception that is a translation based upon a translation of the initial
account tonight we're going to that initial account
we're in Hellenistic Alexandria we've got access to the library
and tonight we're going in to look at what is there in the Greek in the Greek
I'm going to set this with a series of vignettes
that I hope will put you in the place that you can see how the greed
drives Sodom and Gomorrah
yes it's our grade that drives it
the way that we see it the hallucination that you and I are under about Sodom and
Gomorrah let's dispel it let's get down to the dirty and see what it is but in
order to do so let's set ourselves with a video Chewie you got the star charts
hit it we may preserve the seed of our father they made their father drink wine that
night and the firstborn went in and lay with her father and he perceived not when she laid down nor when she arose
around here to lie with us as is the custom all over the Earth
who drink wine and then lie with him and preserve our family
and it was there that something disastrous happened lot's daughters got him drunk and slept
with him resulting in an incestuous pregnancies so one night the oldest
daughter decided to get her father drunk walk to the point that he was unaware of his surroundings
one slot was in this incapacitated State she proceeded to have sex with him that's impregnated another drunk and
having sex with him their acts of incest show sodom's influence on them
[Music]
now many of you know the long-term implications of this relationship between lot and his daughters if you can
call it that and you know that it started out with a very strange visit
by a couple of Coolio curio
the Lords of the area these are Andres and they came in and lot was all oh come
to my house right they'll say well how do we get there we get there through these two girls
through the two daughters of lot who are not
who are may not be exactly what you think they are let's pull up that text and see what
the daughters have lot this is our first text oh you know before we do let's throw up a comment get a couple of
comments in here so we can warm up a little bit I'm sorry let's throw that in thanks Nathan yeah with a real Slim
Jesus please stand up very nice yeah okay I give it in the middle right keep
keep working comedians right okay give me another one give me another one this
video explains the what we need to think more now on the why and how right that
was last week we're in the into the what's going on well today today for
everyone this is the what's going on baby you're looking at it you're looking
at it bring up that dirty biblical text and let's get deep into it yeah yeah now by the way for those of
you who watch the video um remember that the age group on those two women that were talking to each
other they look like maybe 45 and 25. somewhere in that range what we're
talking about with lots daughters come on this is reality this is reality kids
all you evangelicals out there are you evangelicals foreign
sit down they're somewhere between 13 and 17 somewhere in that range
okay these are his virgin daughters his virgin daughters who have yet to
become nymphs you mean the Bible the good old-fashioned Old Testament Bible
talks about nymphs yes it does it talks about menad women too
yes it does all of this in this work that has been pasted and plastered over
with medieval Hebrew to give it an appearance of something it is not we
have to strip away that Lair the King James is going to have all the errors and everything after it's going to
follow him because they're following that tradition we're looking at the Greek let's see what these girls do can
we bring up that text again oh this is fantastic let me put on my glasses
right all you biblical Scholars and you and you evangelicals listen up yeah and
so lot left this city called segor right
and he went up into the mountains both he and his daughters I'm just translating it to you this is my
translation by the way so and why because he was afraid to live
in the city of segor okay so he camped out in a cave he and
his daughter's with him they're all in the cave together right it's a family cave
yes no problem still we don't have anything officer there's nothing to see here right all the kids
in Bible study just wait just wait okay
verse uh verse 32 not 31 excuse me 318
presbytera and so the older daughter
said to the younger daughter our dad our dad is getting old he's he's
so old okay now it just says old but now I'm gonna you know he's so old and wrinkly look
he's starting to lose the power
so he's all the other one's like yeah okay what what is what's the tax blow it
up please yep there we go and um and there's
nobody okay who this is there's nobody on the earth who's gonna come into US
who's gonna hook up with us like they do everywhere else there's no there's
nobody that's gonna come okay
come on that's what she says come on just hang just hold on there a minute
tell you what we'll do let's give Dad
a drug we'll put it in the wine and then we
will go sleepy time with Daddy
and harvest his seed harvest the seed
yeah isn't that a great plan it's not a great plan oh wow are you serious it says Harvest
his semen yes yes take it down take it down it says
they're going to take his semen and the word that they use the word that they
use I'm going to have to bring up some Greek here Chewie go ahead go ahead this is koi Mao for when they're going into
him now things are a little bit right this is already after we've drugged them right and you say wait a minute wait a
minute I didn't know the stuff was drugged Okay shh just wait it's coming this is a different time right this is a
different time so just hang in there hang in there yeah yeah okay give me
that next one this one nope that's the wrong with that one
there there we go so she's gonna go into him while he's in his drug state right
and what is she gonna do she's gonna well she's gonna lay down with him she's gonna enter into a mollifying state with
him she's gonna call him look at number four hints of sexual intercourse okay
okay does this say that a man's daughter his teenage daughter and again this is
the Bible people I didn't make this up so don't leave any nasty comments this
is the Bible right I'm just owning it it belongs to me now
fantastic belongs to us
what does she do she coin with her dad
okay she laid down with him she called him she possibly entered into sexual
intercourse yeah now bring back up a text and what and then she harvests them hang on then she harvests him she does
this thing that's totally last thing sorry Chewie it can you pull down the satanic
initiation for a second right some Christians somewhere just got a little tickled somewhere right every time the
satanic initiation sign goes away a Christian gets tickled
ha you don't want to get tickled let's go to potos right oh this is more drinking
oh sorry people more drinking here it is ex anastasis what is extranostasis it's
a removal it's just from on histami is Demi and it it's uh it just means to
take it away to remove to extract right can also be you're looking at it from the direction of pushing it away it's in
some kind of expulsion they made their daddy explode his seed
yeah explode a seed wait a minute wait a minute how does daddy right to everybody
in the Bible studies class how does lot as Daddy
how does he manage to be unconscious and yet to ejaculate
and you say wait I didn't know he's unconscious yeah they're about to say it right he didn't get anything
right he didn't perceive either her laying on him
or his explosion and you have to ask yourself he's reaping I should call it
and you have to ask yourself how did he not how is he not aware of this
how is the her sister comes in a little bit she's like we I was successful and
her sister comes in and does the same thing and both of them get pregnant so
the question is we've got a dude old dude couple of girls
they're both pregnant don't worry they're both virgins that's what they said
what's gonna happen right what's gonna happen to the situation here officer I
don't don't did you have a warrant right for the cave do you have to get a
warrant for a cave my goodness where is transdimensional
Child Protective Services this is getting gross what's interesting about it as a case
though in history what's interesting is that she's able to collect him
in a semi-conscious or unconscious state
where he is amnestic he is amnestic he cannot remember what
just happened he could be passed out drunk we're at a
crime scene people the girl's father was passed out drunk how did they collect
his semen you cannot collect semen
while a person is passed out unless
unless you've given them a drug to make them a Seder
funny thing is that's Tyrion that drug and antiquity
that's making such a splash with the sources that drug in antiquity
also induces amnesia Oh you mean you can take Scopolamine and
atropine and all these other Belladonna derived drugs you can put them into a
person and you can create a psychological whole yes
yes experiential brain holes yeah
uh-huh chemical what do you think anesthesia is
yeah yeah fantastic you know our chemistry is all
from those plants right it's where we're getting it all the Romans are using it because they know you don't want a
patient when you're doing something serious like amputation or something you don't you don't want a patient
um to have to experience that trauma right so if you've got the anesthetics
you give them to them this one will help them to forget this one will help them not have pain this one will help to put
him to sleep it's all plant chemistry yeah love it love it love it love it you
thought that the only thing there was the THC right that's what you thought right yeah no there's a whole universe
of stuff in those things right we better start walking around sampling different Shrubbery if we want
to recapture Antiquity because they were way ahead of us way ahead of us on all of this plant okay so
um it's the terminology and the Greek the long and short is the terminology in the Greek is so specific that she is
taking that from him that he's got to have an erection lot's got to be erect
which you know doesn't happen when you pass out dead drunk right so
um what about these drugs let's go see let's go back to the beginning of the chapter now and
try to take a look at what's the what's the environment like that these girls are being raised in that you know
they're acting this kind of way um let's see let's see it's fantastic fantastic background before we do I want
to hit that video again and I want you to take a look take a look at the uh imagery the
imagery that did it and helped me match it up to the next text that we look at go ahead to it we may preserve the seed
of our father they made their father drink wine that night and the firstborn went in and lay
with her father and he perceived not when she laid down nor when she arose there's no man around here to lie with
us as is the custom all over the Earth drink wine
and then lie with him and preserve our hearts and it was there that something
disastrous happened Lots daughters got him drunk and slept with him resulting in an incestuous
pregnancies so one night the oldest daughter decided to get her father drunk walk to the point that he was unaware of
his surroundings one slot was in this incapacitated State she proceeded to have sex with him
drunk and having sex with him their acts of incest show saddam's influence on
them foreign
[Music]
the fairy tale is far less interesting than the reality right the reality is
what Hosea look at this I'm quoting prophets people you know rule number one
with the devil read your Bible read your Bible read it and there's this
quote that I wanted to give you from Hosea it's just three words here here give a give a Christian a tickle oh
there we go I love it can you feel it with my hands I can feel it okay
foreign
maniacs oyster Maniacs what are oyster Maniacs
they're the ones who are entering via the burning purple this is an arrow poison people this is an aeropoison
fire the burning purple you too can have the flux in your eyes you do can enter
into that place yeah you can see you can have your eyes
opened yeah Hosea doesn't like it
because that is causing people to revolt
against curios wow okay so you see some of the politics
right but in the world that we're looking at these
things are not unusual putting yourself into a state of mania is not an unusual
thing there's that dozen different religions you can join if you want to do
just that okay fantastic let's go let's go back to
the text I want to bring you this from the beginning yep now I'm just going to read this one blow this one up thanks
Julie by the way everybody who's saying Chewie is doing such a fantastic job on her videos thank you so much from Chewie
yup shout out to Chewie for having done such a wonderful job Anthony look I'm
just gonna translate it's just turn on translator right okay so two Messengers came to Sodom about the time the sun was
going down and lot was sitting at the Gate of Sodom so seeing the messengers
he got up and he went over for a meeting and he prostrated himself he got down on
one knee before uh uh with his face toward the ground right he's giving him
a sign of a sign of respect and he said to them hey they're Lords wait that's
not kind of yeah that's he says hey there Lords Lords right cleaner to take a detour to
my place now be your boy be a boy that's what he says that's
colloquial Greek for I'll be your servant you know whatever you want I'll give you
come into my house so he uh he says look just take off your
stuff wash your feet and get up in the morning and take off on your own way
literally says on your own way but they said
no well we think not bro Ryan we're going to stay on the street tonight
they're gonna camp in the street right lot knows this is Sodom do you
feel the fear you have been falsely you've been lied to about this place Sodom you do not live in Disneyland this
is the reality everywhere is Sodom verse number three
so you know he got a little bit physical with them you know just directed him on as he beat him up she says he got a
little forceful and he directed him to his house so they came to his house right and he made them a proton he made
them what he made them a proton now in the King James you'll see this this
translated as meal and in the Hebrew is Twisted but in the Greek into the meal but in
the Greek it doesn't say that and all of a sudden it now makes sense a proton is something you drink at a big
banquet to get smashed it is something that you create to give to somebody to put them to sleep you
know what the doctors do and this is you classes out there you are terrible
because you don't read The Physicians you know what the Physicians do they can make these things for you
right they're compounds compound drinks and they have a base you know typically
wine but it's because that's alcohol in it they've got other bases right so what
what do you do you make somebody a potent you know who makes people photos
right you know who makes people potions witches make people potions and you know
where to go if you can't get an erection in Antiquity if you can't get an
erection in Antiquity you go to a witch she'll make you a potion that will give
you one that's just life right drug stores with
medical stuff that's all lovely lovely love it so what does he do
lots making these guys a potion it doesn't say he's making a night calf it
doesn't say he's making him something to make their tummies nice while they're good he's making them a potion
and they start to go to sleep but before they drop off to sleep before they drop off to sleep what
happens the city surrounds them dude the city surrounds them
right before he could drop off this is verse four
um the men of the city of Sodom they surround them they make a circle around the house from the neonisco to the
presbyteru that presbytero's the oldest the neoniscos is the youngest do you
like that those of you who know Praise His Name Jesus Christ was arrested in a
public park with the naked naniscos
he was 35 and he wasn't naked he was
wearing underwear okay
okay well if you actually read Greek and this is Good's third Century second century
you know Greek it's a Hellenistic kind
of about jumping into that stream of coin a but still very very very didactic
kind of Greek still has a tinge of that attic elevation if you will can you smell it
whenever you smell attic it smells like a saddle smells like a horse's leather
saddle very peculiar combination you lean in love that stuff oh yeah but this
is you know this is a little bit more utilitarian so what what do we have here we have the
old men let's go back to the text we had the old men and the boys right this is a crowd that goes from the from the old
men to the boys yeah and um they're acting together as a group but I'm just
going to translate it yeah yeah yeah and they call out to lot and said hey he
said hey where are these dudes that came to you tonight bring them out
so that we may I can't say it
without getting myself in trouble but if I were to translate this
if I were to translate this using my Greek dirty language translator it would
be a word that begins with F yes yes okay
yes so that you may what them how many words this is another word this
is soon gignoma right this is really to be with and in the sense of in the sense
of you bringing uh bringing these two things together yeah you can be born with somebody too
isn't it weird they looked at twins being born the same as having intercourse
huh be together yeah to become together
and then they've got another sex verb coming up which means to know to know
I know you right right it's a little bit
in your face ninth but it's that idea of complete and
total knowledge you know everything lies we've known together
the uh King James people like to rely on this
um thank you to Scholars like Jeffrey Henderson who write books about the dirty the dirty language in Greek his
first book about dirty language Harvard shout out to all the morons at Harvard
um his first book about it was about dirty language and attic comedy he took
it to the to Harvard press and they said new new oh see yes it was too rough for
their palettes but he got published anyway
eventually right some things are sensitive right and they end up he didn't even
make it to the book burning he just didn't didn't get through the door without going around doing a run around
the academics so the dirty language is very specific and I have students that
I'm working with now that we discuss and look through his work on dirty language
and it's so more so much more sophisticated and great so much there's
nuances just smells little odors little bouquets of every little every little
naughty word has a little bokeh a little pink piggy oh smell that
smell that so um this is disturbing are you finding it
disturbing let's go back to the text let's get them let's get them out they've got to see why that we came or
this is not I'm gonna be productive okay everybody let's go really quick uh lead
them out to us you know you know so he goes out lot goes out and he's standing on the porch you know he closes the door
right so that they can't get in and he says look guys don't do this don't mistreat these men you know what does he
say verse 8 and this is perhaps the most interesting verse in the Bible which will show you that you really don't
understand what's going on verse 8 acides
uh look I have two daughters and um they haven't had sex with a dude
yeah um how about I bring them out to you and you enjoy them as you deem appropriate
[Music] and you ask yourself
what what wait
he goes on to say just don't violate these men right right
or before he says don't violate these men that's why they came under my protection here are my daughters
here are my daughters what is going on these are girls who are virgins
they're gonna go out what do you think they're gonna do what do you think they're gonna do in Sodom and Gomorrah
where they have the drugs to turn you into a Seder where they have the rights
to initiate you into a world of death and bring you back
you know what that Resurrection is it's the same concept of bringing out the
seed bringing out Lots seed
when you have dead Osiris with just a phallus
there are drugs you can use bring out that seed there are drugs you
can use yeah this is nothing new what you see once you're smelling that
are confusing to us are these hints these whiffs
of this old religion that is really a part of the culture and
you can't detect that it's like radiation so when you're reading the Bible if you don't have a radiation
detector you really have no context
and that's why it really isn't all that odd that he offered his daughters
to the city they get really mad and they say look you don't realize that you're a
dude who moved here and we're natives so you know what we're going to do we're
going to do to you what we were going to do to them and then the Angels come in take a blot
and say you better get your people get out of town this is before he had sex with his
daughters you better get your people and get out of town right but he didn't know any of
it he didn't see any other they're making potions they're making potions people and the
pharmacological golden age is the late Bronze Age
it is the late Bronze Age Okay so
just so you understand the draw of the text
realize that these people are doing things that in the context of their
civilizations or accepted and normal okay
okay for them to collect their father semen
is not just to Randy girls
being naughty this is more than some kind of incestuous fun time
they have the skill take a man who is
unconscious and bring his bring his semen
out so that they can impregnate themselves
what kind of how much knowledge do you have to have
in order to affect this kind of an outcome a serious amount and it only makes sense it only makes sense that
Lots daughters would have a serious amount of information Abram wait that's
what they call Abram all right there's no Pig in Abraham
Abram [Music] and what he does he wakes up in the morning right this is a very powerful
very powerful late Bronze Age figure and he gets up what does he do eight Nutley
bronzer he's a little bit earlier than that but Bronze Age Bronze Age and he gets up and he's
looking out he's looking out what's going on because he goes to a meeting with curios he goes to Big you know who
big Yahoo and he's standing there with him with the guy whose name doesn't exist or on is what they call them the
being but that got translated out into Yahoo
there he is I told you they were oyster Maniacs I know some oyster Maniacs in Israel today
they were telling that Abraham's like standing there with God right he's like dude you see what's
going on you see what's going on he looks off the distance and he sees this Vapor this
vapor and it's a word that is so specific there is no word for it in Hebrew so the Hebrew fudges it and says
smoke but the problem is the smoke reappears in a different form coming later and they have to repeat the word
oh they did such a terrible job here's the message I'm sending I'm gonna send a
message I'm gonna send a message to the masoretic sect in the 10th Century oh no
Domini you guys are terrible at what you do you're terrible
leave the Greek alone okay that's all I can sustain
foreign yeah and it's this simple and logical
and we have the text right in front of us but we are surrounded by the prison
cell that is the fake narrative the fairy
tale of the last 2 000 years of historical
detritus yeah this is Flotsam and Jetsam it's
built up over time
and that's what that's what we don't need that's obscuring that text this
text about Lots daughters is a lot more sophisticated than you think and these people are a lot more intelligent than
you can look back on and say oh weren't they primitive weren't they let me tell you something they knew more about drugs
than you will ever know ever pikers you're all pikers
yes that's us pharmacological Renaissance all right
that's what it was pharmacological Renaissance what you've seen tonight is disturbing
but it's much more disturbing from the angle of why didn't we learn this
earlier right why do we have such a distorted perception of these texts
during this fifth season of Lady Babylon it is why my one Commission
to bring back the Septuagint to bring back the Bible
it belongs to the pagans it is full of
paganism it is full of Greek thank you for coming this week thank you
for your time and I hope to see you next time hail Satan
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music] to be on Sundays
[Music]